<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov  5 13:04:13 2014 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">vianac sent patchset v1 for the clone feature; sent RFC for the snapshot feature; worked on the next patchset for the clone feature; worked on the snapshot feature; reviewed patches on the mailing list</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">YuXin Guest Clone UI v5</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">wenwang Finished Guest disk hot plug UI</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Simon send out vm migration v1 patch to ML, working on v2 base  on comments from alinefm.</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm removed libxml2-python as Kimchi dependency and use lxml module to do XML manipulation</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">danielhb reviewed a dozen patches in the ML, sent patch set to edit disk type in the template, sent patch to add a new attribute to netinfo.get_interface_info</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">royce finished v1 patch of UI for ldap, rebased testcases for scsi cdrom found it not working for hotplug, abandoned</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">wenwang sent patch that redesign the template edit</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm refactor VMTemplate to use a common module to get guest disk XML</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm generate qemu commandline XML using lxml.builder</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm sent patches to fix some issues on featuretests.py</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:08:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm sent patches to refactor VMTemplate to use a common module to generate guest interface XML</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm sent patch to delete ui/js/modernizr.custom.2.6.2.min.js as it is not in use</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> alright...
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we have just more 2 weeks by the end of the devel phase (https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/todo-1.4)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and we have a lot of unfinished tasks
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so if you want your task to be on 1.4, you need to send patches ASAP to get review and merge in time
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any of you think some task will not be completed on time?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Guest512, if you don't mind, I can take the set passwd UI, is that ok?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> royce, that's great, thanks
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I have concern about the new UI header
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, but first, let's get LDAP merged
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I mean, LDAP has high priority
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> sure, alinefm
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, it is has low priority right now - so you can move it to the end of your todo list
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:13:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> ok, I will focus on the UI of serial console next
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> peer(remote server)authentication still block vm migration
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> still have some issue with authentication via ssh
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, I'd say to you send a mockup for snapshots
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> do you think it's possible that we will support peer authentication infra in kimchi in near future ?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> What's the status of back-end of the adding disk from different storage pool?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, do you think you can complete snapshots in 2 weeks?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> alinefm, yes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Guest512, what is the problem with the SSH authentication?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> Also, we shall talk about the iscsi volume choose when creating a VM
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Guest512, do you mean user select a peer and provide its username and password to authenticate there?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, do you have any update about "adding disk from different storage pool" ?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> well, even 2 peers have ssh key exchanged, migration still failed due to failed authentication
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> and also libvirt remote connection still need password input manully
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> oO
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> i'm trying to figure how virt-manger do migration via ssh
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> it is a good start point
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> libvirt will always require a password to connect to it? or it depends on libvirt config?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I mean, after logging to server using hostname/password, it will always require a second password?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, yes - we can talk about it on open discussion
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, did you do any investigation about the storage volume upload?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> sure
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I really want to have upload enable on 1.4
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> *enabled
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> Not yet. Just finished the template task. I will start tomorrow and update with my status
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, great! thanks
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> yw
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> that best sulution is that use  sshpass -p to estiblish a ssh connection that libvirt can use it to connect a remote peer, but libvirt doesn't provide a API to reuse a ssh connection.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> I will also help to look at upload, still working with LDAP things
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok - thanks
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Guest512, got it
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Guest512, I will try to do some investigation on it too and share what I find on ML
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> from my view the following tasks MUST be done by 1.4:
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - SMT support (christy)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - Guest cloning (vianac)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest512&gt;</span> thanks, i will send out a email later to provide some detail on this problem
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - LDAP authentication support (royce)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Prevent disks from being added more than once to guest (christy)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - Fix and upload file to a storage poolï¼ˆwenwang)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and the UI related to those backend tasks
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> The following tasks would be great to have if time permits us:
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - Snapshot support (vianac)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> - Live migration (simon)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> what do you think about it?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I will look around these items and figure out how much UI content needed
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> cool with me
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> fine with me
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> Fine with me
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> great!
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any problem, just send an email on ML, ok?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's move on to open discussion
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> what do you have in mind for today?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> iSCSI volume choose when creating a VM
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, yeap
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> as I said on ML I am a little afraid in moving it to VM because it may cause problems there
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the vm creation process must always work
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> if we let user choose a volume there it will break the process
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:31:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so I'd propose to use the shareable option when creating a vm using those volumes
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:31:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> then the reuse will not cause problems
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> That means we don't need to change for current design?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> but that disk maybe used as OS disk, right?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, correct
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, yes
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> How can an OS disk to be shared?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, but kimchi always tries to boot the VM by disk and if any OS found in disks it fallback to cdrom
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so we don't have problem in override a OS disk
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> after OS is installed
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I mean OS is installed on the disk, then 2 vms will share one OS disk
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> OS will definitely write to that disk, so 2 VMs will write to the same disk?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> Yeah, I have the same concern
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the ideal solution would use the backingstore if the volume already has a OS
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> wenwang, YuXin, on backing store you have 2 disks to format 1: one is the base (read-only) and other is a new disk (read-write)
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so the difference between the base / disk will be on read-write disk
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> makes sense?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, do you know if it is possible to do that ^with iscsi/scsi volumes?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I think when create vm from template, if it is iscsi or scsi fc, list volumes without OS for selection, why not this way?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, yes, I thought  we did that in ovirt before
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, it will only until the template is used by first time
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> why only the 1st time?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> once I used the template to create a vm, I installed an OS on this volume
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> on second time I will use the same template, the volume will have an OS
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I mean list volumes in that iscsi or scsi pools for selection
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:43:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if a volume already has an OS, it should be fitered out
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:45:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> so any vm created will use a different volume in that iscsi or scsi fc pool
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> Is it the fact that when user create an iscsi or scsi based VM, then the used volume could not be retrieved again?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:45:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> yes, a volume already associated with a vm should be filtered out
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I think using backing store will be the best solution for it - so we don't restrict user on volume selection
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> but I agree it will need time to do that
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> I mean from the response of the listStorageVolume, we cannot see the volume of iscsi/scsi for selection?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:46:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> Then it won't be a problem for adding the unused volume to the template cause once used we maynot get the response of it
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, we may want to specify scenario when we want to create cow on readonly and when we just overwrite the original one
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, we only create the cow if the base volume has an OS
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I think we can use libguestfs to discover it
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, the same you did for image files
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:49:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> since we are template based, why there are two disks with os and need to have cow?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:50:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> let's say you configure a template to use iscsi volume X
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:50:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> if volume X does not have an OS on it, it will store the new OS from a fresh install, ok?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:51:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> I mean, the scenario is: create a template base on a image, then add disk array, at this point, I found another disk has a os and want it have cow?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:51:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I am still trying to understand how it work, vm-1 is using a scsi volume as disk and change it along with time
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> vm-2 using this scsi volume as base and base is always changing unexpectedly
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:52:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, do you mean allow user add disks used by other vms?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:52:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> YuXin, once it becames base, vm-1 and vm-2 both use the base and write to copy on write disk, no one writing base
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, we are not talking to this scenario? I suppose we are talking about adding scsi disk to a vm then found the scsi has a OS, is that so?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, I was talking on template level =)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if this way, 1) VM-1 need also use scsi volume as base. 2) copy on write will need a dir(default) volume. 3) finally, all scsi volumes will be used only as OS base disk along with time
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I do not think this is user's objective
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:56:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I had an idea =)
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:56:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> scsi volumes will have much better performance then other types of pools, by this way, I think it will impact vm performance.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:56:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="hi">look:</span> we keep the template as it is
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> AND when listing the templates to create a new VM, we do a filter there
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:57:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and if a template points to a use iscso volume we don't list it
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:57:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so we make sure the just one vm will use it
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:57:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> what do you think?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> I am okay with this solution
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:58:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> by this way, a scsi pool with 1000 volumes, then user need to create 1000 templates
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we can use the "invalid" parameter for it
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:58:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, or change the previous one
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> what is the difference between  volumes in scsi pool?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if no difference, just automatically pick one
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> size?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">14:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> YuXin, only thing we concern is there would be already data in
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">14:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> size, format...
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">14:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> when vm using a volume as os disk, it will format it again, right?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">14:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Guys, my husband's sick and I need to take care of him, so I must get going, sorry
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">14:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, please, go
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">14:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, no
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">14:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the disk size keeps as it is
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">14:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> thanks alinefm, bye guys
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">14:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> see you royce
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">14:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> ok, so we need to ask user to select scsi volume
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">14:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, does it mean you agreed with the filter template on VM creation?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">14:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">14:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will check the API and see if needs some change on backend
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">14:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I have 2 more topics
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">14:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I hope they are simpler =)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">14:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> great
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">14:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> baude asked me about this file: ./ui/libs/modernizr.custom.76777.js
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">14:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, wenwang, do we really need it?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">14:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I have no idea about this file
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">14:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> can you copy some content in it?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">14:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wenwang&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> I don't know about this
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">14:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> it is an imported file
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">14:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I also don't have any idea about its content
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">14:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, wenwang, may I remove it and test Kimchi UI and if no change remove it from Kimchi?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">14:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> http://modernizr.com/
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">14:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> aline, all the browsers kimchi support already support html5 and css3 I think
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">14:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, me too
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">14:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so apparently no problem in removing it, right?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">14:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> so this file does not needed any more
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">14:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if there is no reference to it
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">14:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> so just remove it and do a testing, if no error, then it is ok to remove it
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">14:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> great! thanks
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">14:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> other topic: about the clone pre-check
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">14:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I started doing some code and faced a problem
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">14:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> a vm disk may not be in a pool
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">14:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> in that case, I'd return pool=''
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">14:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> makes sense?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">14:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so on pre-check those disks would be ignored
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">14:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if the disk has no pool, then it will be cloned on default pool?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">14:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, ^
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">14:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I think we can only clone it to default pool
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">14:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> maybe
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">14:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> I haven't found a case when a disk is not in a pool
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">14:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> you can manually edit your vm XML to test it
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">14:14:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, did you test the clone feature with a vm using backingstore?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">14:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> ok, since it will definitely copy to default pool, then pre-check should ignore it
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">14:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> or check the default pool has enough size to this new cloned disk?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">14:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> if default pool does not have enough space, then an error will be responsed
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">14:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> alinefm, what's backingstore?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">14:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, a volume composed by base and cow image
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">14:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, you get one when creating a vm from a image file template
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">14:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> alinefm, so I did, and the VM is cloned to the default pool
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">14:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, and did you start the clone vm?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">14:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> actually, the original VM disk is already in the default pool, it's not different for the clone process
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">14:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> err, no.
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">14:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> I will test it
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">14:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">14:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> base should not be copied, and backingstore should be copied to the same pool
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">14:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> YuXin, yeap
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">14:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, so test it, please
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">14:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the base will not be cloned, only the cow file
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">14:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok team
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">14:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else for today?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">14:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok.. sorry about the time again =$
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">14:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">14:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
