13:04:41 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:04:41 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Jun  4 13:04:41 2014 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:04:41 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:04:41 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:04:41 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:04:53 <rotru> hello
13:05:12 <alinefm> #info Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion
13:05:12 <alinefm> anything else?
13:06:32 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:06:33 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:06:53 <alinefm> #info alinefm was on vacation in the last 3 weeks
13:07:43 <royce> #info royce is working on eject cdrom this week, backend patch sent, working on ui patch
13:07:47 <alinefm> #info alinefm merged some pending patches upstream yesterday
13:08:15 <shaohef> #info shaohef send out login patches.
13:08:29 <royce> #info royce is clearing remaining problem of my pending patches including nfs mount feedback and extend storagepool
13:08:59 <rotru> #info rotru sent new patch to remove '.iso' checking when create a new template
13:11:13 <wenwang> #info Wang Wen is working on issue#296 sent a patch of redesigned ui of debug report area when generating a new report instead of blocking the ui (before)
13:12:25 <alinefm> Today is the end of the sprint 2 and then we will start the last stabilization phase for 1.2.1 release
13:12:52 <alinefm> I'd like to pass through the tasks on wiki to get a better view of their progress
13:12:57 <alinefm> https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2.1
13:13:19 <alinefm> we have 3 tasks from sprint 1 not marked as completed
13:13:26 <alinefm> Migration: investigate how discover Kimchi peers (sheldon/ming)
13:13:36 <alinefm> shaohef, do you have any comments on that ^?
13:14:07 <shaohef> hi all
13:14:58 <alinefm> Extend logical storage pool (hlwanghl)
13:15:07 <alinefm> royce, did you take this task to you ^?
13:15:08 <shaohef> ??
13:15:15 <royce> yes
13:15:24 <royce> it has been merged
13:15:37 <royce> no, it is merged:)
13:15:44 <alinefm> royce, great! I will update the wiki
13:15:55 <alinefm> shaohef, about " Migration: investigate how discover Kimchi peers (sheldon/ming)"
13:15:58 <alinefm> any comments?
13:16:26 <shaohef> alinefm: sorry. some thing wrong with my net
13:16:30 <shaohef> alinefm:  so slow.
13:16:40 <alinefm> did you send your investigation to ML? get feedbacks? what is the mail subject?
13:16:43 <alinefm> shaohef, np
13:16:47 <shaohef> alinefm: I have send out a RFC to ML
13:16:56 <shaohef> alinefm: long time ago.
13:16:59 <shaohef> alinefm: let me check.
13:18:06 <shaohef> alinefm:  it is [Kimchi-devel] [RFC] discover Kimchi peers
13:19:07 <alinefm> #info ML discussion: [Kimchi-devel] [RFC] discover Kimchi peers
13:19:24 <alinefm> the next task pending from sprint 1 is: Authorization: Properly display UI for non-root users (hlwanghl)
13:19:46 <alinefm> as hlwanghl is not online, anyone has any update about it?
13:19:48 <alinefm> adamkingit, ^
13:20:38 <adamkingit> he is still working on another. He told which last night, but I have to look it up
13:20:40 <adamkingit> 1m
13:21:19 <adamkingit> he is currently addressing comments on the "Rename debug report" patch
13:21:53 <alinefm> ok
13:22:11 <alinefm> so let's move to sprint 2 tasks
13:22:13 <alinefm> Authorization: List VMs according to its users/groups (vianac)
13:23:34 <alinefm> vianac, any progress on that do you want to share with us?
13:24:17 <alinefm> ok...
13:24:20 <royce> network problem maybe?
13:24:20 <alinefm> List iSCSI targets available for initiator while creating iSCSI Pool (shaohef)
13:24:30 <alinefm> royce, maybe
13:24:32 <vianac> alinefm, I'm still implementing that feature. I can now block VM access based on users and groups
13:24:43 <alinefm> shaohef, any update about the iscsi targets?
13:24:58 <shaohef> alinefm:  patch send out. no one review
13:25:10 <alinefm> shaohef, what is the patch?
13:25:11 <vianac> alinefm, but I have a few questions on how it should work. for example, if there is no metadata access in a VM, what will be the behavior? should everyone be able to see it?
13:25:16 <royce> shaohef, I will review that one tomorrow
13:25:21 <alinefm> I am making a patch list to review today =)
13:25:46 <alinefm> vianac, sure - we can discuss it in the open discussion section
13:25:48 <shaohef> [PATCH 1/2] List iSCSI server for initiator while creating iSCSI Pool
13:25:48 <shaohef> [PATCH 2/2] List iSCSI targets available for initiator while creating iSCSI Pool
13:25:52 <vianac> alinefm, ok!
13:25:54 <alinefm> just let me pass through all the tasks first
13:26:04 <alinefm> #info patch [PATCH 1/2] List iSCSI server for initiator while creating iSCSI Pool
13:26:10 <alinefm> #info patch [PATCH 2/2] List iSCSI targets available for initiator while creating iSCSI Pool
13:26:18 <alinefm> Create a default pool for ISO images ootb(royce)
13:26:50 <royce> alinefm, I think that one does not in great need at the moment
13:27:29 <royce> And the requirement is not clear, I suggest move it for now
13:27:55 <alinefm> royce, so I will remove it from 1.2.1 release and move to the next one
13:27:57 <alinefm> agree?
13:28:07 <adamkingit> n
13:28:19 <royce> SO instead of that one, I enhanced the disk attachment for ref_cnt share
13:28:26 <adamkingit> Seems another topic for open discussion
13:28:35 <royce> OK, adamkingit
13:28:39 <alinefm> adamkingit, ok
13:28:51 <alinefm> Network template and local template should be distinguished
13:29:03 <alinefm> there is no one assigned to this task on wiki
13:29:16 <alinefm> but if I am not being crazy I think I saw something in the ML
13:29:28 <royce> seems shaohef is working on that
13:29:28 <adamkingit> YuXin and shaohef are working on it
13:29:53 <shaohef> yes.
13:29:55 <alinefm> #info discussion [Kimchi-devel] UI Design of "Properly display about template type (local or, remote) using icon or text information"
13:30:05 <shaohef> will send out a patch later.
13:30:56 <alinefm> shaohef, great! thanks
13:30:59 <alinefm> Secure VM connection (shaohef)
13:31:08 <alinefm> is it about the ticket validation for the vnc session?
13:31:26 <shaohef> alinefm:  send out a patch.
13:31:30 <shaohef> alinefm:  set a ticket for VM.
13:31:30 <shaohef> alinefm: yes.
13:31:31 <rotru> alinefm; anything I can help to close this sprint
13:31:31 <rotru> ?
13:31:54 <alinefm> shaohef, what is the patch? has it already merged?
13:32:00 <alinefm> rotru, probably! =)
13:32:14 <alinefm> rotru, we can discuss it in the open discussion
13:32:38 <shaohef> alinefm: No. not get agreement.  [PATCH 0/4] ticket support for guest
13:32:52 <alinefm> #info patch  [PATCH 0/4] ticket support for guest
13:32:59 <shaohef> alinefm:  so many discussion on this topic in the ML
13:32:59 <alinefm> shaohef, ok - I will take a look on it
13:34:20 <alinefm> the other sprint 2 tasks I've already seen patches on ML and some status in this meeting so I don't think we need to pass through them
13:34:36 <alinefm> if anyone has more status to share I will move to open discussion section
13:35:44 <alinefm> #topic Open discussion
13:36:08 <alinefm> the first topic I have is: Sprint 2 ends today
13:36:38 <alinefm> most of tasks are on track but we need to define which ones have high priority to focus on them
13:36:50 <alinefm> it is clear for me we will not complete all those for 1.2.1 release
13:37:40 <royce> adamkingit, By creating pool for ISO images ootb, if ootb, what it needs to contain, do you mean other pool cannot contain isos if this is done? or does this one need to coupled with upload?
13:38:13 <adamkingit> The idea was to simplify the 1st time experience...
13:38:25 <royce> My thought is, if we support a dedicate location ootb, we can dump deep scan
13:39:22 <adamkingit> Today for local ISO the user needs to know to create a storage pool, and to put the ISOs there
13:39:25 <royce> because deep scan doesn't care where you put the iso, and also aggregate all isos in a temp pool
13:39:47 <adamkingit> If we define a "well known" pool/location it will simplify the 1st time expwerience
13:40:18 <adamkingit> Shallow scan looks in all the defined pools, deep looks "everywhere"
13:40:28 <royce> I agree, that is the proposal before I did deep scan
13:40:43 <adamkingit> I think both are still useful
13:40:57 <adamkingit> Just friendlier to make the shallow more apparent
13:41:11 <royce> but a well know pool seems be overlap with these two concept
13:41:36 <alinefm> adamkingit, do you mean create a empty dir pool and guide the users to put their ISOs in there?
13:41:38 <adamkingit> I am thinking of it more as automating what I must do manually today for shallow
13:41:46 <adamkingit> alinefm yes
13:42:24 <royce> adamkingit, does it mean upload + an empty pool just for isos?
13:42:26 <alinefm> royce, that way it does not conflict with the deep scan concept
13:42:37 <alinefm> royce, just create an empty dir pool
13:42:45 <alinefm> we dont need to upload anything in there
13:42:50 <alinefm> right, adamkingit ?
13:43:11 <adamkingit> We COULD do upload later, but usability is improved with predinfed/empty pool
13:43:23 <royce> if we have a dedicate pool just for isos, why do we need to search every pool and every where
13:43:43 <royce> if ISOs can just be there
13:43:54 <adamkingit> The user may have some local to the server, others on an NFS mount.
13:44:50 <alinefm> and user can only know her ISOs but not regarding the whole system
13:45:01 <alinefm> for example, I have ISOs in a local dir under my home
13:45:13 <alinefm> but other user in my system was not aware of it
13:45:50 <royce> So do you want user aware or not aware, a dedicate pool is for awareness you know
13:46:07 <royce> it means, if you want to use ISOs , pls upload there
13:46:44 <wenwang> alinefm: I got your review of Issue#305: Redesign bridged network UI section. You have made a good point of redesign the ui to make it more consistent. But the checkbox is to let user choose whether he/she wants to enable VLAN, if enabled, then VLAN ID is needed. Without the checkbox, it might mislead user that they have to enable VLAN, like Yu Xin replied.
13:47:21 <royce> OK... So we want both awareness and unawareness, is that what you mean?
13:47:49 <alinefm> royce, got confused now both about "both awareness and unawareness"
13:48:02 <alinefm> wenwang, I replied again to Yu Xin
13:48:12 <royce> if they know what ISOs they are expecting, give them an api and location to upload
13:48:21 <alinefm> wenwang, we don't need a check box to indicate a field is optional - we can just add a label
13:48:40 <royce> if they just want to wandering around and see if there is something available in the system, search for them
13:48:45 <alinefm> "If you want to enable VLAN, please enter a VLAN ID below. Otherwise, leave it in blank"
13:50:16 <alinefm> royce, from my understanding it is right. adamkingit ?
13:50:47 <wenwang> alinefm: What if the user don't have the idea to enable vlan, should we add some words that indicate this line is optional if you don't want to enable vlan?
13:51:15 <royce> alinefm, I mean whether our hypotheses is "user wants to user isos he awares of" or "we want user use isos he is not aware of"
13:52:31 <royce> So if this is what we want, this dir pool is just for "ISOs" and will support upload, or download from a web link?
13:53:21 <alinefm> royce, for me this ootb pool would be useful when I download new ISOs and "where do I need to put it to Kimchi be aware about it without deep scan?"
13:54:06 <royce> alinefm, so what about let users to supply a web link, and kimchi will download for him?
13:54:14 <alinefm> royce, it is what i understood from "make shallow scan easier to use" mentioned my adamkingit
13:54:34 <alinefm> royce, it would be good but I'd say the next step
13:54:44 <alinefm> remember we have limited time now
13:55:12 <alinefm> royce, allow user enter a URL and kimchi downloads the ISO will require a lot of work on UI and backend too
13:55:16 <alinefm> wenwang, yes
13:55:31 <royce> OK, so this step is just create a dir pool and direct him there in the UI?
13:55:45 <wenwang> alinefm: okay, thx
13:55:49 <royce> I want to look into this cause I think that's interesting
13:56:58 <alinefm> royce, how do you plan to do "direct him there in the UI"  ?
13:57:12 <alinefm> royce, no problem - you can work on that
13:57:30 <adamkingit> I think we can direct them to the directory w. the install info
13:57:49 <royce> alinefm, like in shallow or deep scan page, we can give user some hint
13:58:07 <adamkingit> We could do a hint on the shallow scan screen
13:58:10 <alinefm> adamkingit, royce, I'd say only update the help text
13:58:11 <royce> saying if no ISOs you want, redirect?
13:58:34 <adamkingit> i am ok w/ help txt
13:59:16 <alinefm> adamkingit, can this pool be deleted?
13:59:45 <adamkingit> hmm, probably best if its not though we might want to allow edit
14:01:27 <royce> Edit is to change its location or?
14:01:36 <adamkingit> location, yes
14:01:53 <adamkingit> hmm, that might not be so good if the doc tells you where it should be
14:02:01 <adamkingit> ok, nm. Edit not a good idea
14:02:48 <royce> I think if we do it on the UI, the loc can be floated, I mean not fixed
14:03:37 <royce> We just fetch the loc of the pool and instruct user to copy his ISO there
14:03:44 <alinefm> adamkingit, royce, no - without edit, please
14:03:50 <alinefm> at least for now
14:03:58 <alinefm> we even allow pool edit yet
14:04:29 <adamkingit> it gets easier even fixed. Lets try that and see what feedback we get
14:04:52 <alinefm> adamkingit, royce, do we have a deal?
14:04:59 <alinefm> our time is over
14:05:01 <royce> OK
14:05:06 <adamkingit> suonds good
14:06:09 <alinefm> great!
14:06:14 <shaohef> I'd like to talk about,    Login flow: Switch to a traditional login flow
14:06:20 <alinefm> shaohef, sure
14:06:25 <alinefm> what is up?
14:07:16 <shaohef> I can not distinguish the login is caused by session timeout or no session
14:07:59 <adamkingit> shaohef: why do you need to distinguish?
14:08:13 <shaohef> alinefm: maybe I need to add a new hook: 'on_start_resource' or 'before_request_body'
14:08:35 <shaohef> adamkingit: YuXin tell me we should to do it.
14:09:04 <adamkingit> YuXin is pretty smart, its just not immediately obvious to me why we need to distinguish
14:09:24 <alinefm> adamkingit, shaohef, maybe to show a message about expired session ?
14:09:41 <YuXin> the login page is shown to user when user first login and session timeout
14:09:54 <adamkingit> yes
14:10:00 <shaohef> adamkingit:   how about to prompt  "no session or session timeout, please login" ?
14:10:04 <YuXin> when session timeout, user is loged out and asked to re-login
14:10:10 <shaohef> alinefm: ^
14:10:21 <YuXin> so there need to be a message about why user is loged out
14:10:51 <YuXin> but obviously, this message is not needed when user first time try to login kimchi
14:11:13 <adamkingit> ok, you want to make the login more informative...
14:11:25 <YuXin> sure
14:12:03 <shaohef> adamkingit: as YuXin design whey error user name or password, we should prompt "user or password error"
14:12:10 <YuXin> as it is sure that j2ee web container can get this implemented, so there must be a way in cherrypy to do it
14:12:28 <adamkingit> Server is checking tokens on the request and for a tmpl request and fwds the request on to the login.html.tmpl when token is expired. It can pass the 'timeout' info along at that time
14:12:28 <alinefm> I have 2 points
14:13:22 <alinefm> 1) we should do it in separated tasks - one to switch to a traditional login flow (without changes on UI) and other one to improve usability in login page
14:13:41 <shaohef> adamkingit: alinefm: not sure a hook can distinguish them. I'm trying.
14:13:51 <alinefm> 2) I'd suggest what adamkingit suggested =)
14:14:21 <YuXin> aline, traditional login flow is to use a login page
14:14:29 <YuXin> UI will definitely be changed
14:14:29 <alinefm> shaohef, I think you don't need a hook
14:15:00 <alinefm> when timeout occurs we can set a new variable and send with the request response which will fill the login template
14:15:07 <adamkingit> I think alinefm's point is that the UI doesn't tell you today that you are being asked to login because of session timeout
14:15:26 <YuXin> a login page to protect all UI content if user has not logged in, currently, kimchi is using a popup
14:15:30 <YuXin> UI must be changed
14:15:37 <alinefm> YuXin, yeap - I mean today we don't distinguish login from expired session so do the transition that way and then improve the messages
14:15:48 <YuXin> ok
14:16:37 <shaohef> alinefm:  I know when timeout, the cherrypy will tell me  session id missing.
14:16:55 <shaohef> alinefm: but we do not protect all resource.
14:17:35 <shaohef> alinefm: so the first login, the cherrypy will also generates a session id.
14:18:36 <shaohef> alinefm: the some URL need authentication, the cherrypy will generates a different session id.  that means the original session id missing.
14:18:49 <YuXin> shaohe, to implement it, key is to define what to protect and what not protect
14:19:04 <shaohef> alinefm: it looks like a session timeout.
14:20:03 <alinefm> shaohef, I looked at the current code
14:20:20 <shaohef> alinefm: I know session timeout from the original id does not hit the new id
14:20:33 <alinefm> and my guess would be:
14:20:34 <alinefm> if (time.time() - cherrypy.session[REFRESH] >
14:20:35 <alinefm> cherrypy.session.timeout * 60):
14:20:35 <alinefm> cherrypy.session[USER_NAME] = None
14:20:43 <alinefm> this code is when the timeout occurs
14:21:16 <alinefm> you can set a new session variable: cherrypy.session["reason"] = "timeout"
14:21:21 <shaohef> this can Â guarantee timeout.
14:21:41 <shaohef> but this just one case.
14:21:52 <alinefm> when you call the template you send that info
14:22:14 <alinefm> and in the login template should have something like: if $reason == timeout: display text
14:22:53 <shaohef> these code are just for kimchi-robot request timeout.
14:23:06 <alinefm> yes
14:23:13 <shaohef> alinefm: I did it like this.
14:23:28 <alinefm> shaohef, why should we consider other requests for timeout session?
14:23:48 <shaohef> alinefm: but I can not how know the first login timeout.
14:24:00 <shaohef> alinefm: I have show it to YuXin
14:24:12 <shaohef> alinefm: yes.
14:24:23 <YuXin> shaohe, by adding a variable to session as aline said, it will work
14:24:38 <alinefm> shaohef, explain me with steps
14:24:44 <alinefm> 1) access kimchi on url
14:24:46 <shaohef> alinefm: for example.
14:24:47 <shaohef> alinefm:  if a user  never login the kimchi.
14:24:49 <alinefm> 2) get login page
14:24:52 <shaohef> alinefm: he will type the URL http://localhost:8000
14:24:53 <YuXin> you just need a way at server side to distinguish first login and session timeout
14:25:27 <alinefm> shaohef, ok - go ahead
14:26:00 <shaohef> 2) then the server receives url, it will generate a session for it.
14:26:29 <YuXin> althrough there is a session, there is nothing in the session
14:26:35 <YuXin> at this time
14:26:47 <alinefm> ok
14:26:54 <shaohef> 3) this url will not checked this url by the hook. for this URL do not need the authentication.
14:26:54 <alinefm> no username, no reason, no timeout
14:28:12 <shaohef> 4) when a new url need authentication,
14:28:14 <alinefm> hmmm so the login page will not be shown?
14:28:30 <alinefm> is that the problem?
14:29:05 <shaohef> alinefm: it will be show.
14:30:24 <shaohef> I know the problem.
14:30:28 <shaohef> maybe. I need to try. but not sure.
14:30:28 <alinefm> shaohef, ok - continue
14:32:38 <shaohef> alinefm: I find it will generate a new session. the old session ID do not hit the new session id,  so it looks like timeout.
14:32:47 <shaohef> alinefm: maybe the problem of the kimchi-robot.
14:33:02 <shaohef> alinefm:  I will check it later.
14:33:30 <alinefm> shaohef, ok
14:33:39 <alinefm> shaohef, as I said you can do it in 2 steps
14:33:56 <alinefm> first switch to the traditional login  page and then distinguish the login
14:34:12 <alinefm> shaohef, if you get stuck ping me or send mails to ML
14:34:22 <alinefm> I will finish the meeting now
14:34:30 <alinefm> #endmeeting