<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhvirtm" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Guests</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Guests</wintitle> page lists the defined
guests for your server.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each guest, the following information is displayed:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the guest.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CPU</dt>
<dd>Percentage of processor utilization in the guest.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Disk I/O</dt>
<dd>Disk input/output transmission rate in KB per seconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Network I/O</dt>
<dd>Network input/output transmission rate in KB per seconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Livetile</dt>
<dd>State of guest operating system console, or an icon that represents
the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Linux">Linux</tm> distribution if the
guest is not active.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions icons are displayed for each guest:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Reset</dt>
<dd>Click to reset the guest. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Power (Start or Stop)</dt>
<dd>Click to power on or power off the guest. If the icon is red,
the power is off; if the icon is green, the power is on.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p>The following actions can be selected for each guest:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Connect</uicontrol> to connect to the remote
console for the guest operating system.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Clone</uicontrol> to copy an existing guest
definition to create a guest.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Reset</uicontrol> to reset the guest. You can
only reset a guest that is started.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to edit the properties of an
existing guest. Guests can be edited only while stopped.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> to start a guest</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Shut Down</uicontrol> to shut down a guest gracefully.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Power Off</uicontrol> to force an immediate
shut down of the guest.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to delete the guest.</li>
</ul>To create a guest, click the <uicontrol>plus (+)</uicontrol> icon
on the page.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhvirtmcrt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create a guest</title>
<shortdesc>Create a guest by using an existing template.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p> <ol>
<li>Type the name to be used to identify the guest.</li>
<li>Select a template. <ul>
<li>If templates exist, select from displayed templates.</li>
<li>If no templates exist, click <uicontrol>Create a template</uicontrol> to
create a template.</li>
</ul>You can view information about a template by hovering over it.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol> </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhvirtmedit" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Edit guest</title>
<shortdesc>Edit the properties of an existing guest. Some properties
can be edited only while guest is stopped. Others will take effect
in next boot.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>General</dt>
<dd>Displays information about your guest, including name, CPUs, memory,
and icon to use for your guest. You can edit the name of a stopped
guest. Changing the CPUs and memory takes effect after the next boot.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Storage</dt>
<dd>Displays the device and path for storage for the selected guest.
You can add, edit, and remove storage devices for your guest.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Interface</dt>
<dd>Displays network information for the guest, including name, type,
and MAC address. You can add, edit, and remove interfaces for your
guest.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Permission</dt>
<dd>Displays the users and groups that are authorized for the guest. </dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Host PCI Device</dt>
<dd>Displays a list of all PCI devices available on the host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Snapshot</dt>
<dd>Displays snapshots of the guest. You can create, edit, or delete
a snapshot. By selecting a snapshot and selecting revert, the guest
is restored to a point in the past, determined by the snapshot data,
and discards any changes made beyond that point in time.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<p> Fields that are not disabled can be edited. After you edit a field,
click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhvirtmclone" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Cloning a guest</title>
<shortdesc>Cloning a guests allows you to create a copy of a guest.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>To clone a guest:</p>
<ol>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Clone</uicontrol> from the Action menu of a
guest.</li>
<li>Accept the warning. <note>When a target guest is using SCSI or
iSCSI volumes or if the target pool does not have enough space, the
clone will be created on a default storage pool. </note></li>
</ol>
<p>A guest appears in your list with the label <uicontrol>Cloning...</uicontrol> When
the process is complete, the cloned guest is available to use.</p><?Pub
Caret 45?>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<?tm 1391540919 3?>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000005287?>
