<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhnetw" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Network</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Network</wintitle> page displays information
about the network connection.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Network Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the network, or <uicontrol>default</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>State</dt>
<dd>State of the network, active (green) or inactive (red). </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Network type</dt>
<dd>Network type, for example, <uicontrol>NAT</uicontrol> (network
address translation).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Interface</dt>
<dd>Network interface, for example, <uicontrol>virbr0</uicontrol> (default).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Address space</dt>
<dd>IP address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions can be selected:<ul>
<li rev="rev1">Select <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> to begin the network
connection.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol> to end the network connection.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to delete the connection
information.</li>
</ul>To create a network, click the <uicontrol>plus (+)</uicontrol> icon.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhnetwcrt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create a network</title>
<shortdesc>Create a network.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p> <ol>
<li>Type the name of the network.</li>
<li>Click to select the network type. <dl rev="rev1"><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Isolated</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Isolated mode. Guests cannot send or receive communication to
or from external systems.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>NAT</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Network Address Translation mode. Communication from guests to
external systems uses the host IP address. External systems cannot
initiate communication to guests.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Bridged</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Bridged mode. Guests can communicate with external systems and
be contacted by external systems as if they were physical systems
on the network. For bridged mode, you must specify additional destination
and VLAN information.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol> </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000002536?>
