<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhvirtm" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Guests</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Guests</wintitle> page lists the defined
KVM virtual machines.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each guest, the following information is displayed:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the virtual machine.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CPU</dt>
<dd>Percentage of processor utilization in the virtual machine.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Network I/O</dt>
<dd>Network input/output transmission rate in KB per seconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Disk I/O</dt>
<dd>Disk input/output transmission rate in KB per seconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Livetile</dt>
<dd>State of guest operating system console, or an icon that represents
the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Linux">Linux</tm> distribution if the
guest is not active.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions icons are displayed for each guest:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Reset</dt>
<dd>Click to reset the guest. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Power (Start or Stop)</dt>
<dd>Click to power on or power off the guest. If the icon is red,
the power is off; if the icon is green, the power is on.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p>The following actions can be selected for each guest:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Connect</uicontrol> to connect to the remote
console for the guest operating system.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Manage media</uicontrol> to change the path
to the installation media.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Reset</uicontrol> to reset the guest.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to edit the properties of an
existing guest. Guests can be edited only while stopped.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to delete the guest.</li>
</ul>To create a guest, or virtual machine, click the <uicontrol>plus
(+)</uicontrol> icon in the upper right of the page.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhvirtmcrt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create virtual machine</title>
<shortdesc>Create a virtual machine by using an existing template.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p> <ol>
<li>Type the name to be used to identify the virtual machine.</li>
<li rev="rev1">Select a template. <ul>
<li>If templates exist, select from displayed templates.</li>
<li>If no templates exist, click <uicontrol>Create a template</uicontrol> to
create a template.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol> </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhvirtmedit" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Edit guest</title>
<shortdesc>Edit the properties of an existing virtual machine. Guests
can be edited only while stopped.</shortdesc>
<csprolog><csmetadata></csmetadata></csprolog>
<csbody>
<p>For each guest, the following information is displayed on the <wintitle>General</wintitle> tab:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the virtual machine.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CPUs</dt>
<dd>Number of processors.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Memory</dt>
<dd>Amount of memory in MB.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Icon</dt>
<dd>Graphic image representing the Linux distribution to be displayed
in place of current status (Livetile) when the guest is not active.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following information is displayed on the <wintitle>Storage</wintitle> tab.</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Storage</dt>
<dd>Displays the location of the ISO file used for installation.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret -2?>
<p> Fields that are not disabled can be edited. After you edit a field,
click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimstoragedevice" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add, replace, or detach a storage device</title>
<shortdesc rev="rev1">You can add, replace, or detach a storage device
to your virtual machine. The only supported device is CDROM. To edit
your storage devices, follow these steps:</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<ol>
<li>On the <wintitle>Edit Guest</wintitle> window, select <wintitle>Storage</wintitle>.</li>
<li>To replace a storage device, click the first icon with the <uicontrol>orange
slash (/)</uicontrol>. Enter the ISO file path and click <uicontrol>Replace</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>To detach a storage device, click the second icon with the <uicontrol>red
dash (-)</uicontrol>. Confirm the deletion and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>To add a storage device, click the third icon with the green <uicontrol>plus
sign (+)</uicontrol>. Enter a device name and ISO file path and click <uicontrol>Attach</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimreplacemedia" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Replace a CDROM of VM</title>
<shortdesc rev="rev1">You can replace the contents of the CDROM for
a virtual machine after the installation is complete.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<ol>
<li>Ensure that the virtual machine is started.</li>
<li>From the Actions menu, select <uicontrol>Manage Media</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>To change what is currently loaded in the CDROM, click the <uicontrol>orange
slash (/)</uicontrol> icon next to the hdc field.</li>
<li>On the <wintitle>Replace a CDROM of VM</wintitle> page, enter
the ISO file path. The other two fields are read-only.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Replace</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<?tm 1391540919 3?>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000005541?>
