<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhstor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Storage</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Storage</wintitle> page lists the available
storage pools, including the default storage pool.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each storage pool, the following information is displayed:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the storage pool and percentage used.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>State</dt>
<dd>State of the storage pool, active (green) or inactive (red). </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Location</dt>
<dd>File path to the location of the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Type</dt>
<dd>Type of storage pool, for example, <uicontrol>dir</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Capacity</dt>
<dd>Amount of space in the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Allocated</dt>
<dd>Amount of space that is already allocated in the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions can be selected for each storage pool:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Activate</uicontrol> to activate the storage
pool so that it can be used.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Deactivate</uicontrol> to deactivate an active
storage pool.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Undefine</uicontrol> to remove an inactive storage
pool.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>To display storage volume details for a storage pool, click the
arrow on the right side of the storage pool row.  Details include
the following:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Type</dt>
<dd>The type of volume, for example, <uicontrol>file</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Format</dt>
<dd>The format, varying dependent on the type.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Capacity</dt>
<dd>Size of the storage volume.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Allocation</dt>
<dd>Amount of space that is already allocated in the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>To define a storage pool, click the <uicontrol>plus
(+)</uicontrol> icon in the upper right of the display.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhdefstor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Define a storage pool</title>
<shortdesc> Define a storage pool.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p> <ol>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Storage pool name</uicontrol> field, type the
name to be used to identify the storage pool.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Storage pool type</uicontrol> list, select the
type: <dl rev="rev1"><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>DIR</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a directory pool. When selecting <uicontrol>DIR</uicontrol>,
type the <uicontrol>Storage path</uicontrol> (file path to the storage
pool).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>NFS</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a network filesystem pool. When selecting <uicontrol>NFS</uicontrol>,
type the <uicontrol>NFS server IP</uicontrol> address and <uicontrol>NFS
path</uicontrol> (path of the exported directory).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>iSCSI</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a pool based on a target allocated on an iSCSI server.
When selecting <uicontrol>iSCSI</uicontrol>, type the <uicontrol>iSCSI
server</uicontrol> IP address and <uicontrol>Target</uicontrol> on
the iSCSI server. You can optionally select to add iSCSI authentication.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Logical</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a logical volume storage pool. Select the location to
the device in <uicontrol>Device path</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 591?></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol> </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003764?>
