<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhtempl" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Templates</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Templates</wintitle> page shows the defined
virtual machine templates that can be used to create KVM guests.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each template, the following information is displayed:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>OS</dt>
<dd>Name of the operating system or distribution.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>Version of the operating system or distribution.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CPUs</dt>
<dd>Number of processors that are defined for the template.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Memory</dt>
<dd>Amount of random access memory to be allocated, in MB.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions can be selected for each template:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to edit the template.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to delete the template.</li>
</ul>To add a template, click the <uicontrol>plus (+)</uicontrol> icon
in the upper right of the display.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhedittempl" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Edit template</title>
<shortdesc>Edit an existing template.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each template, the following information is displayed: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the template.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Vendor</dt>
<dd>The name of the company that created the operating system or distribution
that the template is configured to use.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>The version of the operating system or distribution that the template
is configured to use.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CPU number</dt>
<dd>Number of processors that are defined for the template.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Memory</dt>
<dd>Amount of memory in MB to be allocated to the virtual machine.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Disk</dt>
<dd rev="rev1">Disk size in GB.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CDROM</dt>
<dd>File path to the location of the template.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Storage pool</dt>
<dd>Specific storage pool or the default storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Network</dt>
<dd rev="rev1">Default network.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 427?> Fields that are not disabled can
be edited. After you edit a field, click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhaddtempl">
<title>Add template</title>
<shortdesc>Add a template from source media.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>Select the location of the source media from the following options:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Local ISO image</dt>
<dd>Select to scan storage pools for installation ISO images available
on the system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Remote ISO image</dt>
<dd>Select to specify a remote location for an installation ISO image.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhaddloct">
<title>Add template - local ISO image</title>
<shortdesc>Add a template from a local ISO image.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>The ISO images available on the system are displayed.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>OS</dt>
<dd>Name of the operating system or distribution.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>Version of the operating system or distribution.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Size</dt>
<dd>Size of the ISO image.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>To create a template from an ISO image, choose from the following
options:<ul>
<li>Select an ISO image from which to create a template, then click <uicontrol>Create
Templates from Selected ISO</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>All</uicontrol> to create a template from each
 listed ISO image, then click <uicontrol>Create Templates from Selected
ISO</uicontrol>.</li>
<li rev="rev1">If the ISO image that you want to use does not appear
in the scan results, you can select from the following options:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>I want to use a specific ISO file</uicontrol> to
specify a path to the ISO image.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Search more ISOs</uicontrol> to search for more
ISO images.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000004366?>
