<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhhost" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Host</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Host</wintitle> page shows information about
the host system, and allows you to shut down, restart, and connect
to the host.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>You can perform the following actions on the host:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Shut down</uicontrol> to shut down the host
system.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol> to restart the host system.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Connect</uicontrol> to open a VNC connection
to the host system, if it is not already connected.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Click the following sections to display information about the host:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Basic information</dt>
<dd>This section displays the host operating system distribution,
version, and code name, as well as the processor type, the number
of online CPUs and amount of memory in GB.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>System statistics</dt>
<dd>This section displays graphs to show statistics for CPU, memory,
disk I/O, and network I/O for the host. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Software Updates</dt>
<dd>This section displays information for all of the packages that
have updates available, including package name, version, architecture,
and repository. You can update all of the packages listed by selecting <uicontrol>Update
All</uicontrol>. You cannot select individual packages for updates.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Repositories</dt>
<dd>This section displays repositories that are associated with the
host system. You can add, enable, edit, or remove repositories. Adding
a repository associates it with the host system while enabling a repository
allows the host to access it. If your system is Red Hat Enterprise
Linux or Fedora, you can add <filepath>yum</filepath> repositories.
If your system is Ubuntu or Debian, then add <filepath>deb</filepath> repositories.<p>If
you are working with yum repositories, you can add a GPG check to
verify that a package from this repository have not been corrupted.
Select a repository and then <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>. Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to
enable <uicontrol>GPG Check</uicontrol> and then enter a URL to the
GPG key file for the repository.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Debug reports</dt>
<dd>This section displays debug reports, including name and file path.
You can select from options to generate a new report, or rename, remove,
or download an existing report.<p>The debug report is generated using
the <cmdname>sosreport</cmdname> command. It is available for Red
Hat Enterprise <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Linux">Linux</tm>, Fedora,
and Ubuntu distributions. The command generates a .tar file that contains
configuration and diagnostic information, such as the running kernel
version, loaded modules, and system and service configuration files.
The command also runs external programs to collect further information
and stores this output in the resulting archive.</p> </dd>
</dlentry></dl>
</csbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?tm 1392659967 1?>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003410?>
