<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhstor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Storage</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Storage</wintitle> page lists the available
storage pools, including the out of box 'default' and 'ISO' storage
pool. If you want to use your own ISO, please add it to 'ISO' storage
pool path.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>For each storage pool, the following information is displayed:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>% Used</dt>
<dd>Percentage of the storage pool that is being used.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>State</dt>
<dd>State of the storage pool, active (green) or inactive (red). </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Location</dt>
<dd>File path to the location of the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Type</dt>
<dd>Type of storage pool, for example, <uicontrol>dir</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Capacity</dt>
<dd>Amount of space in the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Allocated</dt>
<dd>Amount of space that is already allocated in the storage pool.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>The following actions can be selected for each storage pool:<ul>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Activate</uicontrol> to activate the storage
pool so that it can be used.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Deactivate</uicontrol> to deactivate an active
storage pool.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Add Volume</uicontrol> to add more volume to
an active storage pool.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Undefine</uicontrol> to remove an inactive storage
pool.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>To display storage volume details for a storage pool, click the
arrow on the right side of the storage pool row.  To define a storage
pool, click the <uicontrol>plus (+)</uicontrol> icon.</p>
</csbody>
<cshelp id="kimhdefstor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Define a storage pool</title>
<shortdesc> Define a storage pool.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p> <ol>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Storage pool name</uicontrol> field, type the
name to be used to identify the storage pool.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Storage pool type</uicontrol> list, select the
type: <dl><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>DIR</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a directory pool. When selecting <uicontrol>DIR</uicontrol>,
type the <uicontrol>Storage path</uicontrol> (file path to the storage
pool).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>NFS</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a network filesystem pool. When selecting <uicontrol>NFS</uicontrol>,
type the <uicontrol>NFS server IP</uicontrol> address and <uicontrol>NFS
path</uicontrol> (path of the exported directory).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>iSCSI</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a pool based on a target allocated on an iSCSI server.
When selecting <uicontrol>iSCSI</uicontrol>, type the <uicontrol>iSCSI
server</uicontrol> IP address and <uicontrol>Target</uicontrol> on
the iSCSI server. You can optionally select to add iSCSI authentication.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Logical</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a logical volume storage pool. Select the location to
the device in <uicontrol>Device path</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>SCSI Fibre Channel</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies a pool based on an SCSI Fibre Channel. Select which
SCSI adapter to use.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>Specify a storage path for the storage pool. The storage path
is the location in the local file system that the pool is mapped to.
The path must be unique. If the directory does not exist when the
pool is created, it will be created for you.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol> </p>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<cshelp id="kimhdefstor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add volume</title>
<shortdesc>Adds volume to a storage pool.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Fetch from remote URL</dt>
<dd>Specifies a location to download the volume from. For example: <filepath>https://my-server/fedora22.img</filepath>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Upload a file</dt>
<dd>Specifies a location on your local system.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 57?>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000004416?>
